README.md, before:

# BubbleBoiBot v1.9


***⭐ If this bot performed well for you, perhaps consider leaving a star? It'll let us know if we're on the right path! <3⭐***

![MainImage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54080082/67154365-c4d7df80-f2f2-11e9-9186-1d20e7ea803b.jpg)

BubbleBoiBot is a skribbl.io bot programmed by `Catterall#7322` and `! [( TheGamerX )]#7912` using a bit of JSON and Batch.

This bot is a complete remake of [alekxeyuk's](https://github.com/alekxeyuk) original Python bot that adds countless new features along with fixing other features to make them more user friendly. You can view any disclaimers at the bottom of this text.


# We now have a website!
It doesn't exactly look great, but we now have a webpage for the bot: [Click here to visit.](https://bubbleboibot.github.io/)


# Features
- 100% Free and Opensource at GitHub.
+ You can run eighteen bots per computer.
- You can customize settings easily within the GUI.
+ Automatic drawing of custom images with two algorithms; cluster (fast, low quality) or yliluoma (slow, high quality).
- Automatic reconnection when kicked so you can leave the bot running without constantly monitoring it.
+ .bat support so you can run all eighteen bots from a single click without taking up the entire screen.
- Optional automatic spam that avoids muting.
+ Optional spam formatting that converts any fullstops (periods) into commas for easy link spamming.
- Optional automatic searching for users (Use a VPN to stop skribbl.io stopping your connections!).
+ Seven colour themes for the bot console.
- A simple GUI that is easy to use and remembers input.


# How to install the bot (As of v1.9)
1. Download Python 3.7.4 32bit or 64bit here: 

32-bit: https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.7.4/python-3.7.4.exe

64-bit: https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.7.4/python-3.7.4-amd64.exe

2. When installing Python 3.7.4, check the, "Install to PATH", checkbox then click, "Custom installation". Check every box and leave the default save location as default (Do not click browse!)

3. Download the bot at the releases tab: https://github.com/TheLoveableBananaNoodle/BubbleBoiBot/releases.

6. To run the bot, head to the BubbleBoiBot folder (Not the ZIP!) and click the `launcher.bat` file to run the GUI.

All files in the `images` folder must be images.
Image names are case and symbol sensitive and you must include the extension (e.g BubbleBoiBotLogo.jpg).
Images must be JPG/JPEG/BMP.


# How to use the bot.

You can find out how to use the bot by visiting the wiki page. To visit the wiki page, [click here](https://github.com/TheLoveableBananaNoodle/BubbleBoiBot/wiki).


# Common Errors
```
connection established.
disconnected from server.
disconnected from server.
```
This error means a number of different things. Either the servers are full, which can be solved easily by waiting or joining a different language; You're running too many bots on one port, which can be solved easily by closing some bots on one port; or the skribbl.io website has targetted your PC on suspicion (this happens a lot when you use the bot to search for users) which can be solved by using a VPN. ProtonVPN would be a good VPN to use for this.

`ValueError: operands could not be broadcast together with shapes (150, 200) and (150, 200, 3)` You must use JPG/JPEG images.

Please report any errors you get to KyleJamesCatterall#0989. If I get the error commonly, I will add it to this list.


# Disclaimers
- Disclaimer No.1: VirusTotal states, "57/58 scanners, including Avast, AVG, McAfee, Norton, claim that this is malware free. The only scanner that claims virus is obsecure, and claims it is adware, more than likely due to spamming.

- Disclaimer No.2: There is a differance between a potentially unwanted program (PUP) and malware.


# Contact Me
**Discord: `KyleJamesCatterall#0989` (Notice: This discord may change at any times due to random reasons, keep up to date!)**

**ProtonMail: `kylejamescatterall@protonmail.com`**

***You can find my current up-to-date discord at all times at my GitHub page [here](https://github.com/TheLoveableBananaNoodle).***


# [Jump back to top!](https://github.com/TheLoveableBananaNoodle/BubbleBoiBot#bubbleboibot-v19)

Commit message:

update to include v1.91
includes mention of chat logger

README.md, after:

# BubbleBoiBot v1.91


***⭐ If this bot performed well for you, perhaps consider leaving a star? It'll let us know if we're on the right path! <3⭐***

![MainImage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54080082/67154365-c4d7df80-f2f2-11e9-9186-1d20e7ea803b.jpg)

BubbleBoiBot is a skribbl.io bot programmed by `KyleJamesCatterall#0989` and `! [( TheGamerX )]#7912` using a bit of JSON and Batch.

This bot is a complete remake of [alekxeyuk's](https://github.com/alekxeyuk) original Python bot that adds countless new features along with fixing other features to make them more user friendly. You can view any disclaimers at the bottom of this text.


# We now have a website!
It doesn't exactly look great, but we now have a webpage for the bot: [Click here to visit.](https://bubbleboibot.github.io/)


# Features
- 100% Free and Opensource at GitHub.
+ You can run eighteen bots per computer.
- You can customize settings easily within the GUI.
+ Automatic drawing of custom images with two algorithms; cluster (fast, low quality) or yliluoma (slow, high quality).
- Automatic reconnection when kicked so you can leave the bot running without constantly monitoring it.
+ .bat support so you can run all eighteen bots from a single click without taking up the entire screen.
- Optional automatic spam that avoids muting.
+ Optional spam formatting that converts any fullstops (periods) into commas for easy link spamming.
- Optional automatic searching for users (Use a VPN to stop skribbl.io stopping your connections!).
+ Seven colour themes for the bot console.
- A simple GUI that is easy to use and remembers input.
+ A simple chat logger to read over the chat in case you missed anything.


# How to install the bot (As of v1.9)
1. Download Python 3.7.4 32bit or 64bit here: 

32-bit: https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.7.4/python-3.7.4.exe

64-bit: https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.7.4/python-3.7.4-amd64.exe

2. When installing Python 3.7.4, check the, "Install to PATH", checkbox then click, "Custom installation". Check every box and leave the default save location as default (Do not click browse!)

3. Download the bot at the releases tab: https://github.com/TheLoveableBananaNoodle/BubbleBoiBot/releases.

6. To run the bot, head to the BubbleBoiBot folder (Not the ZIP!) and click the `launcher.bat` file to run the GUI.

All files in the `images` folder must be images.
Image names are case and symbol sensitive and you must include the extension (e.g BubbleBoiBotLogo.jpg).
Images must be JPG/JPEG/BMP.


# How to use the bot.

You can find out how to use the bot by visiting the wiki page. To visit the wiki page, [click here](https://github.com/TheLoveableBananaNoodle/BubbleBoiBot/wiki).


# Common Errors
```
connection established.
disconnected from server.
disconnected from server.
```
This error means a number of different things. Either the servers are full, which can be solved easily by waiting or joining a different language; You're running too many bots on one port, which can be solved easily by closing some bots on one port; or the skribbl.io website has targetted your PC on suspicion (this happens a lot when you use the bot to search for users) which can be solved by using a VPN. ProtonVPN would be a good VPN to use for this.

`ValueError: operands could not be broadcast together with shapes (150, 200) and (150, 200, 3)` You must use JPG/JPEG images.

Please report any errors you get to KyleJamesCatterall#0989. If I get the error commonly, I will add it to this list.


# Disclaimers
- Disclaimer No.1: VirusTotal states, "57/58 scanners, including Avast, AVG, McAfee, Norton, claim that this is malware free. The only scanner that claims virus is obsecure, and claims it is adware, more than likely due to spamming.

- Disclaimer No.2: There is a differance between a potentially unwanted program (PUP) and malware.


# Contact Me
**Discord: `KyleJamesCatterall#0989` (Notice: This discord may change at any times due to random reasons, keep up to date!)**

**ProtonMail: `kylejamescatterall@protonmail.com`**

***You can find my current up-to-date discord at all times at my GitHub page [here](https://github.com/TheLoveableBananaNoodle).***


# [Jump back to top!](https://github.com/TheLoveableBananaNoodle/BubbleBoiBot#bubbleboibot-v19)
